BEA SYSTEMS, INC. IS WILLING TO LICENSE THIS
SPECIFICATION TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT
YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). PLEASE READ THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY. BY
DOWNLOADING THIS SPECIFICATION, YOU ACCEPT THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF
YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS,
SELECT THE "DECLINE" BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS
PAGE AND THE DOWNLOADING PROCESS WILL NOT
CONTINUE.

Streaming API for XML Specification
("Specification")
Version: 0.7
Status: Pre-FCS
Specification Lead: BEA Systems, Inc.
("Specification Lead")
Release: August 27, 2003

Copyright 2003 BEA Systems, Inc.
All rights reserved.

NOTICE

The Specification is protected by copyright and
the information described therein may be protected
by one or more U.S. patents, foreign patents, or
pending applications. Except as provided under the
following license, no part of the Specification
may be reproduced in any form by any means without
the prior written authorization of Specification
Lead and its licensors, if any. Any use of the
Specification and the information described
therein will be governed by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this
license, Specification Lead hereby grants you a
fully-paid, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
limited license (without the right to sublicense)
under Specification Lead's intellectual property
rights to review the Specification only for the
purposes of evaluation. This license includes the
right to discuss the Specification (including the
right to provide limited excerpts of text to the
extent relevant to the point[s] under discussion)
with other licensees (under this or a
substantially similar version of this Agreement)
of the Specification. Other than this limited
license, you acquire no right, title or interest
in or to the Specification or any other
Specification Lead intellectual property, and the
Specification may only be used in accordance with
the license terms set forth herein. This license
will expire on the earlier of: (i) two (2) years
from the date of Release listed above; (ii) the
date on which the final version of the
Specification is publicly released; or (iii) the
date on which the Java Specification Request (JSR)
to which the Specification corresponds is
withdrawn. In addition, this license will
terminate immediately without notice from
Specification Lead if you fail to comply with any
provision of this license. Upon termination, you
must cease use of or destroy the Specification.

TRADEMARKS

No right, title, or interest in or to any
trademarks, service marks, or trade names of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") or Sun's licensors is
granted hereunder. Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun
logo, Java, and the Java Coffee Cup logo are
trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other
countries.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

THE SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND IS
EXPERIMENTAL AND MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS OR
DEFICIENCIES WHICH CANNOT OR WILL NOT BE CORRECTED
BY SPECIFICATION LEAD. SPECIFICATION LEAD MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT THAT THE CONTENTS OF
THE SPECIFICATION ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE OR
THAT ANY PRACTICE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH
CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR OTHER
RIGHTS. This document does not represent any
commitment to release or implement any portion of
the Specification in any product.

THE SPECIFICATION COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL
INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE
PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION THEREIN;
THESE CHANGES WILL BE INCORPORATED INTO NEW
VERSIONS OF THE SPECIFICATION, IF ANY.
SPECIFICATION LEAD MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR
CHANGES TO THE PRODUCT(S) AND/OR THE PROGRAM(S)
DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIFICATION AT ANY TIME. Any
use of such changes in the Specification will be
governed by the then-current license for the
applicable version of the Specification.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT
WILL SPECIFICATION LEAD OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
LOST REVENUE, PROFITS OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO
ANY FURNISHING, PRACTICING, MODIFYING OR ANY USE
OF THE SPECIFICATION, EVEN IF SPECIFICATION LEAD
AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

You will hold Specification Lead (and its
licensors) harmless from any claims based on your
use of the Specification for any purposes other
than the limited right of evaluation as described
above, and from any claims that later versions or
releases of any Specification furnished to you are
incompatible with the Specification provided to
you under this license.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

If this Software is being acquired by or on behalf
of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government
prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier),
then the Government's rights in the Specification
and accompanying documentation shall be only as
set forth in this license; this is in accordance
with 48 C.F.R. 227.7201 through 227.7202-4 (for
Department of Defense (DoD) acquisitions) and with
48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DoD
acquisitions).

REPORT

You may wish to report any ambiguities,
inconsistencies or inaccuracies you may find in
connection with your evaluation of the
Specification ("Feedback"). To the extent that you
provide Specification Lead with any Feedback, you
hereby: (i) agree that such Feedback is provided
on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis,
and (ii) grant Specification Lead a perpetual,
non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up,
irrevocable license, with the right to sublicense
through multiple levels of sublicensees, to
incorporate, disclose, and use without limitation
the Feedback for any purpose related to the
Specification and future versions,
implementations, and test suites thereof.

GENERAL TERMS

Any action related to this Agreement will be
governed by California law and controlling U.S.
federal law. The U.N. Convention for the
International Sale of Goods and the choice of law
rules of any jurisdiction will not apply.

The Specification is subject to U.S. export
control laws and may be subject to export or
import regulations in other countries. Licensee
agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and
regulations and acknowledges that it has the
responsibility to obtain such licenses to export,
re-export or import as may be required after
delivery to Licensee.

Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer any
of its rights or obligations under this Agreement,
without the prior written consent of the other
party, except that Specification Lead may assign
this Agreement to an affiliated company.

This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement
relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, conditions,
representations and warranties and prevails over
any conflicting or additional terms of any quote,
order, acknowledgment, or other communication
between the parties relating to its subject matter
during the term of this Agreement. No modification
to this Agreement will be binding, unless in
writing and signed by an authorized representative
of each party.

(LFI#135533/Form ID#011801)